#OnePress Social Locker#
Contributors: OnePressMedia Donate link: http://onepress-media.com/portfolio Tags:content locker, locker, like locker, pay with a tweet, pay with a like, share to unlock, like to unlock, facebook, twitter, google, google+, google plus, linkedin, email, e-mail, emails, subscribe, optin, opt-in, optins, subscribers, subscription, email marketing, marketing, smo, seo, social network, traffic, social, social traffic, social networking, social plugins, mashable, social media pop-up, social media widget, social media sharing, social media networks, social sharing, social sharing optimization, share button, share buttons, facebook share, facebook share button, linkedin share, linkedin share button, twitter share, twitter share button, twitter follow, twitter follow button, tweet, tweeting, social share, social buttons, social share buttons, Share, Share this, simple social buttons, simple share buttons adder, digg, stumble upon, analytics, buddypress, button, facebook like, facebook recommend, facebook share, facebook share button, floating buttons, follow, lock video, youtube, lock video youtube, unlock video, unlock video youtube, video, video social, video viral, viral plugin, viral video, viral traffic Requires at least: 3.2 Tested up to: 4.4.2 Stable tag: trunk License: GPLv2 Helps increase social media presence by asking visitors "to pay" for your content with a tweet, plus one, or a like. == Description == > #### Drive traffic, build quality followers and improve your website ranking > > Social Locker is the most popular content-locking plugin for Wordpress in the world > with attention-grabbing styles and advanced analytics. > > [Screenshots](https://wordpress.org/plugins/social-locker/screenshots/) | [Try Live Demo >>](http://demo.byonepress.com/free/social-locker-for-wordpress/?utm_source=wordpress.org&utm_medium=link&utm_campaign=demo) The Social Locker locks your most valuable site content behind a set of social buttons until the visitor likes, shares, +1s or tweets your page. It helps to improve social performance of your website, get more likes/shares, build quality followers and attract more traffic from social networks. Do you still place social buttons on every page of your website? But visitors don’t like/share your content as often as you would like? You should **give people a reason** why they need to click your social buttons. Even if people like your content, site or fanpage, they don’t click the buttons because they don’t worry about you, your benefits or your traffic. It’s not their problem. But ask people to “pay” with a Like/Tweet/+1 to get access to your content, to get a discount, to download, to read an ending of your article, to watch a video or to view a funny picture. And it will start to work as it should be! With Social Locker, you can lock anything in your content and automatically unlock it after a visitor has shared your page. All you need to do is select the part of your content you want to lock, click a button and you’re done!
